Many have failed to summon their End of Days, that final Silence where life is undone and the mortal tales broken. That is the first the summoner must be ready for before the ritual itself is underway, the one whose name is Azizoth, the one is not fully known and can not be fully known by the summoner. The arrogance and hubris of the one who believes he knows the full form of Azizoth, that mind is already doomed to the darkness that is the unknown, a fitting punishment. Forget what you think you know, and prepare to enter the black oceans of infinity from the isle of ignorance that is the middle plane! 
A life for a life, a new life, a soul that has been just snatched from the many jaws of Azizoth, like a fish beast among the waves, is the main sacrifice to be given. Upon the stone altar, by the new life, no more than ten lunar cycles of age, place the Hydrogen sphere of glas and the Bismuth pyramid on opposite ends of the new life. The circle of Death, with the altar in the middle, is the most misunderstood. The wrath of the one Azizoth, can likely be better stopped if the nuclear chaos is contained in a cage of lead, with the bars placed in odd intervals. Another circle of Death may be made outisde the cage, should the first prove insufficient. Onto the sacrifice, the twentytwo signs of Creation must be carved while alive and kicking, the head marked lastly. These twentytwo signs of Creation must be simultaneously recited in a musical tone, like that of a flute. Then recite the signs backwards and prepare for the excruciating pain of undoing your making. Now it is most imperative that the mind of the summoner is steeled and emptied, the meaning and passion of their action understood. A the first and last sign, should the summoner still stand and remain his own, the dagger will fall and the sacrifice delivered.
The Yellow Sign has been rumored to amplify the will of the summoner, likely as a wielder of the Yellow Sign one is already beyond human approachment. but who can willingly pass through Hali, who can willingly enter through Carcossa. 
