How to summon death:
-Buy a baby to sacrifice

Mythological background on Death:
The entity known as Azizoth, or Death, is an ancient spirit thought to have been created along with the mortal plane long ago. Many societies across the ages have had some form of belief in Azizoth, along with their own name and customs surrounding it. Furthermore, every culture has had a unique way of trying to contact the spirit and gain its favor. Most cultures have failed in this aspect, only managing to annoy or inconvenience it, resulting in cataclysmic retaliation. The best example of a botched summoning comes from the people of Easter Island, where the entire civilization mysteriously vanished. The ritual in this manual has been extensively researched and tested; showing great promise in gaining a boon from Death itself. Of all the boons possible from death, immortality may be the most attractive; beware, however, endless life may not be what you think.

Of Demise and Glory:
The adventure in question is neither for the faint of heart, nor for the unserious jesters and clowns. With immense power comes even greater risk, and failure will be met with unparalleled severity. It cannot be overstated, that the journey ahead is of such catastrophic consequence, that it must not be performed by anyone but the best and most determined, a fact to which the countless skeletons of novice wizards can attest. Proceed with caution, for the scars on body and soul shall be irreparable. The summoning of Death shall take a Herculean toll on the physical body, sapping its resources for the sustenance of the conjured. Likewise, the mental faculties shall be under siege by Death's alluring viles and charms. Should one fail to resist, the conjurer shall be transformed into a thrall, a mere vessel for Death's inhabitance. As for the soul, one foregoes any chance of Divine approval. The link which binds mortal souls to the plane of the Gods shall be severed, in failure as well as in victory. The soul shall fall into the dark abyss that is the underworld, surrounded by darkness and left to torment. Only should the endeavour succeed, shall the soul find nourishment and protection, in the hands of Death. Proceed at your own peril.

Many have failed to summon their End of Days, that final Silence where life is undone and the mortal tales broken. That is the first the summoner must be ready for before the ritual itself is underway, the one whose name is Azizoth, the one is not fully known and can not be fully known by the summoner. The arrogance and hubris of the one who believes he knows the full form of Azizoth, that mind is already doomed to the darkness that is the unknown, a fitting punishment. Forget what you think you know, and prepare to enter the black oceans of infinity from the isle of ignorance that is the middle plane! 
A life for a life, a new life, a soul that has been just snatched from the many jaws of Azizoth, like a fish beast among the waves, is the main sacrifice to be given. Upon the stone altar, by the new life, no more than ten lunar cycles of age, place the Hydrogen sphere of glas and the Bismuth pyramid on opposite ends of the new life. The circle of Death, with the altar in the middle, is the most misunderstood. The wrath of the one Azizoth, can likely be better stopped if the nuclear chaos is contained in a cage of lead, with the bars placed in odd intervals. Another circle of Death may be made outisde the cage, should the first prove insufficient. Onto the sacrifice, the twentytwo signs of Creation must be carved while alive and kicking, the head marked lastly. These twentytwo signs of Creation must be simultaneously recited in a musical tone, like that of a flute. Then recite the signs backwards and prepare for the excruciating pain of undoing your making. Now it is most imperative that the mind of the summoner is steeled and emptied, the meaning and passion of their action understood. A the first and last sign, should the summoner still stand and remain his own, the dagger will fall and the sacrifice delivered.
The Yellow Sign has been rumored to amplify the will of the summoner, likely as a wielder of the Yellow Sign, one is already beyond human approachment. but who can willingly pass through Hali, who can willingly enter through Carcossa.

Previous summoning attempts and their fate: A scholar haunted by gift of curiousity had brewed forbidden herbs and traced seals in the dark, coaxing a response from the unseen. At night, a spectral whisper came, answering one question at a time, each reply exacting a memory in return. By dawn, the scholar could recall solutions to riddles no mortal mind should hold—but with every answer, pieces of himself slipped away. Eventually, he solved the problem that had obsessed him, yet when he looked into a mirror, the face staring back was a stranger’s. Curiousity had been won, but the price had claimed the man himself.
